Translated techlab 3.5 to english (#31)
appuio/techlab: additional-labs/development_environment.md

> # OpenShift Development Environement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OpenShift Development Environment
```

> This Page will show you different possibilities, how to test self developed Docker containers or OpenShift templates and so on, whitout having access to a fully produvtiv OpenShift-plattform like for Example Appuio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Page will show you different possibilities, how to test self developed Docker containers or OpenShift templates and so on, without having access to a fully productive OpenShift-platform like for Example Appuio.
```

## Minishift

> Minishift allows you to operate a locale OpenShift installation on your own Notebook in a VM with KVM, xhyve, Hyper-V or VirtualBox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minishift allows you to operate a local OpenShift installation on your own Notebook in a VM with KVM, xhyve, Hyper-V or VirtualBox.
```

### Installation and Documentation

For the installation please follow the official Documentation: https://docs.openshift.org/latest/minishift/getting-started/installing.html

### Troubleshooting

#### DNS-Problems

Minishift uses nip.io (http://nip.io) for DNS-resolution. If the DNS-Server on your notebook can't resolve [private_ip_range].nip.io, you can use the DNS-Server of Quad 9 (9.9.9.9).

Infos Quad 9 DNS: https://www.quad9.net

## oc cluster up

Since the Version 1.3 of the OpenShift Client "oc" there is a possibility to start Openshift localy on your Laptop. This downloads a Dockercontainer which contains an OpenShift installation and starts it.

Prerequisites:
* oc 1.3+
* Docker 1.10

> If all the prerequisits are met and docker is running, openshift can be started with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all the prerequisites are met and Docker is running, OpenShift can be started with:
```

Reviewer 2: "prerequisites", please.

Reviewer 2: "OpenShift" is a brand an should be written with a capital S letter. Source: [DuckDuckGo](https://duckduckgo.com/?q=openshift&t=canonical&ia=web)

Reviewer: updated

# OpenShift Development Environment

> This Page will show you different possibilities, how to test self developed Docker containers or OpenShift templates and so on, without having access to a fully productive OpenShift-platform like for Example Appuio.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This page will show you different possibilities on how to test self-developed Docker containers or OpenShift templates and so on without having access to a fully productive OpenShift platform like APPUiO.
```

## Minishift

> Minishift allows you to operate a local OpenShift installation on your own Notebook in a VM with KVM, xhyve, Hyper-V or VirtualBox.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Minishift allows you to operate a local, virtualized OpenShift installation on your own machine using KVM, xhyve, Hyper-V or VirtualBox.
```

### Installation and Documentation

> For the installation please follow the official Documentation: https://docs.openshift.org/latest/minishift/getting-started/installing.html

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For the installation please follow [the official documentation](https://docs.openshift.org/latest/minishift/getting-started/installing.html).
```

### Troubleshooting

#### DNS-Problems

> Minishift uses nip.io (http://nip.io) for DNS-resolution. If the DNS-Server on your notebook can't resolve [private_ip_range].nip.io, you can use the DNS-Server of Quad 9 (9.9.9.9).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Minishift uses [nip.io](http://nip.io) for DNS resolution. If the DNS server on your machine can't resolve [private_ip_range].nip.io you can use another DNS service such as Quad 9 (`9.9.9.9`).
```

Infos Quad 9 DNS: https://www.quad9.net

## oc cluster up

> Since the Version 1.3 of the OpenShift Client "oc" there is a possibility to start OpenShift locally on your Laptop. This downloads a Docker container which contains an OpenShift installation and starts it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As of `oc` release 1.3 there is a possibility to start OpenShift locally on your machine. This downloads a Docker container which contains an OpenShift installation and starts it.
```

Prerequisites:
* oc 1.3+
* Docker 1.10

If all the prerequisites are met and Docker is running, OpenShift can be started with:

```bash
oc cluster up
```

### Documentation und Troubleshooting

#### iptables

> The local firewall often is a source for issues. Docker uses iptables to allow the containers access to the internet. It can happen that certain rules conflict with each other. Usually a flush of the rule chain after stopping the OpenShift instance with `oc cluster down` helps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The local firewall often is a source for issues. Docker uses iptables to allow the containers access to the internet. There's the possibility that certain rules conflict with each other. Usually, a flush of the rule chain after stopping the OpenShift instance with `oc cluster down` helps:
```

```bash
iptables -F
```

Afterwards you can retry by using `oc cluster up`.

#### Documentation

> You'll find the complete documentation under: https://github.com/openshift/origin/blob/master/docs/cluster_up_down.md.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can find the complete documentation at <https://github.com/openshift/origin/blob/master/docs/cluster_up_down.md>.
```

#### Ubuntu 16.04

The setup for Ubuntu 16.04 is a little bit different as it is for Fedora, CentOS or RHEL, since the registry access has to be configured differently.

> 1. install Docker.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Install Docker
```

> 2. Configure Docker daemon for an insecure Docker registry.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Add OpenShift's registry as an insecure registry by editing `/etc/docker/daemon.json` as follows:
```

>    - therefore edit `/etc/docker/daemon.json` and add following content:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

     ```txt
     {
       "insecure-registries": ["172.30.0.0/16"]
     }
     ```

   - After editing/creating the file, restart docker.
     ```bash
     sudo systemctl restart docker
     ```

> 3. install oc

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Install `oc`
```

>    follow the instructions in Lab [OpenShift CLI installieren](labs/02_cli.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Follow the instructions in [lab 2 "Installing the OpenShift CLI](labs/02_cli.md)
```

> 4. Open the terminal and issue the command with a user, which is authorized to use Docker:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Open the terminal and issue the command with a user that is authorized to use Docker:
```
